README.md, before:

# AMAHelper (Android Malware Analysis Helper)

Android Malware analysis helper contains convenience scripts for Android malware analysis.

Currently, AMAHelper contains two scripts:

1. `decompile.py`. This scripts decompiles an apk using jadx and apktool. It also produces a summary of file types in the apk assets.

2. `look-for-sensitive-apis.py`. This script looks for usages of APIs in java code and lists all occurrences of such usages. The script also ignores files under user-defined whitelisted packages (like android/support and com/google).
This helps to narrow down the starting point for reverse engineering.

requirements:

1. python 3.6+

2. jadx

3. apktool

## Usage

``` shell
python3.7 decompile.py app.apk path/for/output/files
```

`app.apk`: the apk
`path/for/output/files` where you want to store the decompiled artifacts. It will be created by the script.

``` shell
python3.7 look-for-sensitive-apis.py sensitive-api-list.txt whitelist.txt matches.txt /path/to/java/directory/
```

`sensitive-api-list.py`: list of APIs that you want to start your analysis from.

`whitelist.txt`: whitelisted packages.

`matches.txt`: the script will create this file and write the search results to it.

`/path/to/java/directory/`: directory of the decompiled apk (in java)

Commit message:

Update README.md with code_builder.py instructions

README.md, after:

# AMAHelper (Android Malware Analysis Helper)

Android Malware analysis helper contains convenience scripts for Android malware analysis.

Currently, AMAHelper contains three scripts:

1. `code_builder.py`. This scripts produces a control and data flow graph based on annotations placed by the analyist on the java code in an html report to facilitate reporting the findings.

2. `decompile.py`. This scripts decompiles an apk using jadx and apktool. It also produces a summary of file types in the apk assets.

3. `look-for-sensitive-apis.py`. This script looks for usages of APIs in java code and lists all occurrences of such usages. The script also ignores files under user-defined whitelisted packages (like android/support and com/google).
This helps to narrow down the starting point for reverse engineering.

requirements:

1. python 3.6+

2. jadx

3. apktool

## Usage

``` shell
python3.7 code_builder.py path/to/java/files
```

Creates a report.html in a report folder in the current directory. The report contains all annotated peices of code and a control and data flow graph from the analysit's annotations. 

The supported annotations are:

`// AMAHelper: #` place this at the start and end of a code block to mark it as block number `#`

`// AMAHelper: control #` place this on the right of a line to mark that this line produces a control flow to block number `#`

`// AMAHelper: data #` place this on the right of a line to mark that this line produces a data flow to block number `#`

Check the example in tests/data/

``` shell
python3.7 decompile.py app.apk path/for/output/files
```

`app.apk`: the apk
`path/for/output/files` where you want to store the decompiled artifacts. It will be created by the script.

``` shell
python3.7 look-for-sensitive-apis.py sensitive-api-list.txt whitelist.txt matches.txt /path/to/java/directory/
```

`sensitive-api-list.py`: list of APIs that you want to start your analysis from.

`whitelist.txt`: whitelisted packages.

`matches.txt`: the script will create this file and write the search results to it.

`/path/to/java/directory/`: directory of the decompiled apk (in java)
